Add warning to CSI Driver docs on upgrading to Datadog Operator 1.28.0 (#38037)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/csi_driver.md

{{% /collapse-content %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">
<strong>Upgrading the Datadog Operator to v1.28.0+ from v1.26.0 or v1.27.0</strong>

> <p>If you previously ran <code>v1.26.0</code> or <code>v1.27.0</code>, upgrading to Datadog Operator <code>v1.28.0</code> or later can leave the existing <code>k8s.csi.datadoghq.com</code> CSIDriver object in a state that the Operator cannot reconcile. Remediate by deleting the object once:</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>If you previously ran <code>v1.26.0</code> or <code>v1.27.0</code>, upgrading to Datadog Operator <code>v1.28.0</code> or later can leave the built-in Kubernetes <code>CSIDriver</code> object (not the <code>DatadogCSIDriver</code> custom resource) in a state that the Operator cannot reconcile. Remediate this issue by deleting the object:</p>
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to further distinguish between the K8s CSIDriver and the DatadogCSIDriver. Let me know if any inaccuracies are introduced here.

This suggestion also resolves the issue brought up by the automated review [here](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/38037#discussion_r3544638719):
> the "once" is ambiguous (one time? or the style-guide-flagged "after"?)

Let me know if "once" was left in deliberately, and if so, what the rationale for that decision is.

{{% /collapse-content %}}

#### Upgrade and migration notes

<div class="alert alert-warning">
<strong>Upgrading the Datadog Operator to v1.28.0+ from v1.26.0 or v1.27.0</strong>
<p>If you previously ran <code>v1.26.0</code> or <code>v1.27.0</code>, upgrading to Datadog Operator <code>v1.28.0</code> or later can leave the built-in Kubernetes <code>CSIDriver</code> object (not the <code>DatadogCSIDriver</code> custom resource) in a state that the Operator cannot reconcile. Remediate this issue by deleting the object:</p>
<pre><code>kubectl delete csidriver k8s.csi.datadoghq.com</code></pre>
<p>The Operator recreates it automatically. Already-mounted volumes and running driver pods are unaffected.</p>
</div>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Upgrading to Datadog Operator v1.28.0+

<div class="alert alert-warning">
<p>If you previously ran <code>v1.26.0</code> or <code>v1.27.0</code>, upgrading to Datadog Operator <code>v1.28.0</code> or later can leave the built-in Kubernetes <code>CSIDriver</code> object (not the <code>DatadogCSIDriver</code> custom resource) in a state that the Operator cannot reconcile. To resolve this issue, delete the object:</p>
<pre><code>kubectl delete csidriver k8s.csi.datadoghq.com</code></pre>
<p>The Operator recreates it automatically. Already-mounted volumes and running driver pods are unaffected.</p>
</div>

#### Migrating from a Helm-based installation

If you previously installed the CSI Driver with the standalone Helm chart, Datadog recommends migrating to Operator-managed installation. Choose one of the following approaches:

- **Let the Operator manage the CSI Driver**: Uninstall the Helm chart (`helm uninstall datadog-csi-driver`) and keep the default values for `csi.enabled` and `csi.autoManage`. The Operator automatically creates a new `DatadogCSIDriver` resource and deploys the driver.
- **Keep managing the CSI Driver with Helm**: No action is required. The Operator detects the existing `k8s.csi.datadoghq.com` CSIDriver and defers to it, regardless of the `csi.autoManage` value. The Operator does not interfere with your existing Helm-managed driver. To make this intent explicit, set `csi.autoManage: false`.
```

Reviewer: Here's how this looks in a local build:

<img width="650" height="572" alt="updated-warning" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3119ffc-099c-4c79-a3c0-8b3aad369c5d" />

{{% /collapse-content %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">
<strong>Upgrading the Datadog Operator to v1.28.0 or later</strong>

> <p>In some cases, upgrading to Datadog Operator v1.28.0 or later can leave the existing <code>k8s.csi.datadoghq.com</code> CSIDriver object in a state that the Operator cannot reconcile. If the CSI Driver does not become ready after upgrading, recreate the object once:</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<strong>Upgrading the Datadog Operator to v1.28.0+ from v1.26.0 and v1.27.0</strong>
<p>If previously running <code>v1.26.0</code> or <code>v1.27.0</code>, upgrading to Datadog Operator <code>v1.28.0</code> or later can leave the existing <code>k8s.csi.datadoghq.com</code> CSIDriver object in a state that the Operator cannot reconcile. Remediate by recreating the object once:</p>
```

> <p>If previously running <code>v1.26.0</code> or <code>v1.27.0</code>, upgrading to Datadog Operator <code>v1.28.0</code> or later can leave the existing <code>k8s.csi.datadoghq.com</code> CSIDriver object in a state that the Operator cannot reconcile. Remediate by recreating the object once:</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<p>If previously running <code>v1.26.0</code> or <code>v1.27.0</code>, upgrading to Datadog Operator <code>v1.28.0</code> or later can leave the existing <code>k8s.csi.datadoghq.com</code> CSIDriver object in a state that the Operator cannot reconcile. Remediate by deleting the object once:</p>
```
